Feature/publish-command-teams (#4)
js-soft/codemagic-tools: README.md

## Usage

### Teams Messaging

> #### Build Messages

Reviewer: Develop Messages

```bash
jscm teams-develop --platform <platform> --projectName <projectName>

> ```

Reviewer: newline after script

> This command will inform about a new build and additionally provide a link to the build. In case of a failed build it will also provide a link to the build log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will inform about a new development build and additionally provide a link to the build. In case of a failed build it will also provide a link to the build log.
```

### Production Messages
```bash
jscm teams-publish --platform <platform> --projectName <projectName>

> ```

Reviewer: newline after script

> This command will inform about a newly released version. It aditionally provides a link to the build logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will inform about an app version that was released in the store. It aditionally provides a link to the build logs.
```
